Tony Stark: I feel like you're driving me to a court-martial. This is crazy. What did I do? I feel like you're going to pull over and snuff me. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!

Soldier: We can talk, sir.

Tony Stark: Oh, I see. So it's personal?

Soldier (female): [She's driving the Vehicle.] No, you intimidate them.

Tony Stark: Good God, you're a woman. I honestly... I couldn't have called that. I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.

Soldier (female): I'm an airman.

Tony Stark: Well you have, actually, excellent bone structure, there. I'm kind of having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird? [The Soldiers in the vehicle laugh and chuckle.] Come on, it's okay, laugh.

Soldier: Sir, I have a question to ask.

Tony Stark: Yes, please.

Soldier: Is it true you went 12 for 12 with last year's Maxim cover models?

Tony Stark: That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins. Anything else? [The Soldier next to him, Jimmy, raises his hand.] You're kidding me with the hand up, right?

Soldier (Jimmy): Is it cool if I take a picture with you?

Tony Stark: Yes. It's very cool. [The soldier next to him pulls his camera out and hands it to the soldier in the front seat.] I don't want to see this on your MySpace page. [The Soldier puts up a peace sign for the photo.] Please, no gang signs. No, throw it up. I'm kidding. Yeah, peace. I love peace. I'd be out of a job with peace.

Soldier (Jimmy): Come on. Hurry up. Just click it. Don't change any settings. Just click it.

[As the picture was about to be taken, something hit and blew up the vehicle in front of them. Gunshots and such were heard and hitting the side of their vehicle.]

Tony Stark: What's going on?

Soldier (female): Contact left!

Tony Stark: What have we got?

[The driver stepped out to go into combat and was shot down]

Soldier: Jimmy, stay with Stark!

Soldier (Jimmy): Stay down!

Tony Stark: Yeah.

[The other Soldier from the front seat got out to shoot but was shot too]

Soldier (Jimmy): Son of a bitch!

[Jimmy goes out to fight.]

Tony Stark: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Give me a gun!

Soldier (Jimmy): Stay here!

[Jimmy turned back around and he was gunned down too, holes piercing the vehicle. Tony's hearing and senses were dulled a bit as he got himself out of the vehicle, stumbling a bit in the chaos. He got some of his hearing back and ran and dove behind a rock for cover. He pulled out his phone to contact and call for help when a bomb landed next to him. He looked over to see it say: Stark Industries. He tried to get up and get away, but didn't in time. The bomb exploded and made him fly through the air a bit.]

Tony Stark: Whoa!

[He hit the ground hard, senses dulled again. He felt a pain in his chest and pulled his shirt of out the way as blood started to pool.]

[Later Tony is shown kidnapped by an unknown terrorist group and there is a man reciting in Urdu about Tony's kidnapping]

IRON MAN

[Las Vegas, 36 Hours Earlier]

Voice over: Tony Stark. Visionary. Genius. American patriot. Even from an early age, the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant and unique mind. At age four, he built his first circuit board. At age six, his first engine. And at 17, he graduated summa cum laude from MIT. Then, the passing of a titan. Howard Stark's lifelong friend and ally, Obadiah Stane, steps in to help fill the gap left by the legendary founder, until, at age 21, the prodigal son returns and is anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries. With the keys to the kingdom, Tony ushers in a new era for his father's legacy, creating smarter weapons, advanced robotics, satellite targeting. Today, Tony Stark has changed the face of the weapons industry by ensuring freedom and protecting America and her interests around the globe.

James Rhodes: As liaison to Stark Industries, I've had the unique privilege of serving with a real patriot. He is my friend and he is my great mentor. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to present this year's Apogee Award to Mr. Tony Stark. Tony?

Obadiah Stane: Thank you, Colonel.

James Rhodes: Thanks for the save.

Obadiah Stane: This is beautiful. Thank you. Thank you all very much. This is wonderful. Well, I'm not Tony Stark. But if I were Tony, I would tell you how honored I feel and what a joy it is to receive this very prestigious award. Tony, you know...The best thing about Tony is also the worst thing. He's always working.

Tony Stark: Work it! Come on! We should just stay till the morning.

Woman: You are unbelievable.

Tony Stark: Oh, no! Did they rope you into this?

James Rhodes: Nobody roped me into anything!

Tony Stark: I'm so sorry.

James Rhodes: But they told me that if I presented you with an award, you'd be deeply honored.

Tony Stark: Of course I'd be deeply honored. And it's you, that's great. So, when do we do it?

James Rhodes: It's right here. Here you go.

Tony Stark: There it is. That was easy. I'm so sorry.

James Rhodes: Yeah, it's okay.

Tony Stark: Wow! Would you look at that? That's something else. I don't have any of those floating around. Uh, we're gonna let it ride! Give me a hand, will you? Give me a little something-something. [hot girl blows on dice] Okay, you, too. [Tony holds the dice out to Rhodes.]

James Rhodes: I don't blow on a man's dice.

Tony Stark: Come on, honey bear.

James Rhodes: I don't blow on a man's dice. [Rhodes knocks Tony's hand away causing the dice to roll]

Tony Stark: There it is. Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes rolls! And...

Dealer: Two craps. Line away.

James Rhodes: That's what happens.

Tony Stark: Worse things have happened. I think we're gonna be fine. Color me up, will ya?

[Tony, Rhodes, and Happy leaving the casino.]

James Rhodes: This is where I exit.

Tony Stark: All right.

James Rhodes: Tomorrow, don't be late.

Tony Stark: Yeah, you can count on it.

James Rhodes: I'm serious!

Tony Stark: I know, I know. [Handing over his award to Caesar.] Render unto Caesar, that which is Caesar's. There you go.}

[Outside of the casino.]

Christine Everhart: Mr. Stark! Excuse me, Mr. Stark! Christine Everhart, Vanity Fair magazine. Can I ask you a couple of questions?

Happy Hogan: [whispering to Tony] She's cute.

Tony Stark: She's all right? [Turns to face Christine.] Hi.

Christine Everhart: Hi.

Tony Stark: Yeah. Okay--

Christine Everhart: It's okay?

Tony Stark: Go.

Christine Everhart: You've been called the da Vinci of our time. What do you say to that?

Tony Stark: Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.

Christine Everhart: And what do you say to your other nickname? "The Merchant of Death"?

Tony Stark: That's not bad. Let me guess. Berkeley?

Christine Everhart: Brown, actually.

Tony Stark: Well, Ms. Brown. It's an imperfect world, but it's the only one we've got. I guarantee you, the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I'll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals.

Christine Everhart: You rehearse that much?

Tony Stark: Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime.

Christine Everhart: I can see that.

Tony Stark: I'd like to show you first-hand.

Christine Everhart: All I want is a serious answer.

Tony Stark: Okay, here's serious. My old man had a philosophy, "Peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy."

Christine Everhart: That's a great line coming from the guy selling the sticks.

Tony Stark: My father helped defeat the Nazis. He worked on the Manhattan Project. A lot of people, including your professors at Brown, would call that being a hero.

Christine Everhart: And a lot of people would also call that war profiteering.

Tony Stark: Tell me, do you plan to report on the millions we've saved by advancing medical technology or kept from starvation with our intelli-crops? All those breakthroughs, military funding, honey.

Christine Everhart: You ever lose an hour of sleep your whole life?

Tony Stark: I'd be prepared to lose a few with you.

[They go to Malibu and have sex.]

JARVIS: Good morning. It's 7:00 a.m. The weather in Malibu is 72 degrees with scattered clouds. The surf conditions are fair with waist-to-shoulder high lines. High tide will be at 10:52 a.m.

Christine Everhart: [Walking around Tony's mansion.] Tony? Hey, Tony? [Tries to play with the controls on the wall. It beeps at her.]

JARVIS: You are not authorized to access this area.

Christine Everhart: Jesus.

Pepper Potts: That's JARVIS. He runs the house. I've got your clothes here. They've been dry-cleaned and pressed, and there's a car waiting for you outside that will take you anywhere you'd like to go.

Christine Everhart: You must be the famous Pepper Potts.

Pepper Potts: Indeed I am.

Christine Everhart: After all these years, Tony still has you picking up the dry-cleaning.

Pepper Potts: I do anything and everything that Mr. Stark requires, including, occasionally, taking out the trash. Will that be all?

[Tony working on a car in his workshop]

Tony Stark: Give me an exploded view.

JARVIS: The compression in cylinder three appears to be low.

Tony Stark: Log that.

Pepper Potts: [Coming in on her phone.] I'm gonna try again, right now.

Tony Stark: Please don't turn down my music.

Pepper Potts: I'll keep you posted. [Getting off the phone.] You are supposed to be halfway around the world right now.

Tony Stark: How'd she take it?

Pepper Potts: Like a champ.

Tony Stark: Why are you trying to hustle me out of here?

Pepper Potts: Your flight was scheduled to leave an hour and a half ago.

Tony Stark: That's funny, I thought with it being my plane and all, that it would just wait for me to get there.

Pepper Potts: Tony, I need to speak to you about a couple things before I get you out of the door.

Tony Stark: I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?

Pepper Potts: Larry called. He's got another buyer for the Jackson Pollock in the wings. Do you want it? Yes or no.

Tony Stark: Is it a good representation of his spring period?

Pepper Potts: Um, no. The Springs was actually the neighborhood in East Hampton where he lived and worked--

Tony Stark: So?

Pepper Potts: Not "spring" like the season. I think it's a fair example. Um.. I think it's incredibly overpriced.

Tony Stark: I need it. Buy it. Store it.

Pepper Potts: Okay. The MIT commencement speech...

Tony Stark: Is in June. Please, don't harangue me about stuff that's way, way, down...

Pepper Potts: Well, they're haranguing me, so I'm gonna say yes.

Tony Stark: Deflect it and absorb it. Don't transmit it back to me.

Pepper Potts: I need you to sign this before you get on the plane.

Tony Stark: What are you trying to get rid of me for? What, you got plans?

Pepper Potts: As a matter of fact, I do.

Tony Stark: I don't like it when you have plans.

Pepper Potts: I'm allowed to have plans on my birthday.

Tony Stark: It's your birthday?

Pepper Potts: Yes.

Tony Stark: I knew that. Already?

Pepper Potts: Yeah. Isn't that strange? It's the same day as last year.

Tony Stark: Well, get yourself something nice from me.

Pepper Potts: I already did.

Tony Stark: And?

Pepper Potts: Oh, it was very nice.

Tony Stark: Yeah.

Pepper Potts: Very tasteful. Thank you, Mr. Stark.

Tony Stark: You're welcome, Miss Potts... Okay.

[Happy and Tony racing to the airport and arriving.]

Tony Stark: You're good. I thought I lost you back there.

Happy: You did, sir. [Grabbing Tony's things from the trunk.] I had to cut across Mulholland.

Tony Stark: I got you. I got you.

James Rhodes: What's wrong with you? [Standing at the jet doorway.]

Tony Stark: What?

James Rhodes: Three hours.

Tony Stark: I got caught doing a piece for Vanity Fair.

James Rhodes: For three hours. For three hours you got me standing here.

Tony Stark: Waiting on you now. Let's go. Come on. Wheels up! Rock and roll!

[inside the jet.]

Tony Stark: What you reading, platypus?

James Rhodes: Nothing.

Tony Stark: Come on, sour patch.

James Rhodes: I'm not sour.

Tony Stark: Don't be mad.

James Rhodes: I told you, I'm not mad. I'm indifferent, okay?

Tony Stark: I said I was sorry.

Flight Attendant #1: Good morning, Mr. Stark.

James Rhodes: You don't need to apologize to me.

Tony Stark: I told you I was sorry.

James Rhodes: I'm your man.

Tony Stark: Hi. I told him I was sorry, but he...

James Rhodes: I'm just indifferent right now.

Flight Attendant #1: Hot towel?

James Rhodes: You don't respect yourself, so I know you don't respect me.

Tony Stark: I respect you.

James Rhodes: I'm just your babysitter. So, when you need your diaper changed... [grabs a hot towel] Thank you. Let me know and I'll get you a bottle, okay?

Tony Stark: Hey! Heat up the sake, will you? Thanks for reminding me.

James Rhodes: No, I'm not talking... We're not drinking. We're working right now.

Tony Stark: You can't have sashimi without sake.

James Rhodes: You are constitutionally incapable of being responsible.

Tony Stark: It would be irresponsible not to drink. I'm just talking about a nightcap.

Flight Attendant #2: Hot sake?

Tony Stark: Yes, two, please.

James Rhodes: No. Just-- I'm not drinking. I don't want any.

[Rhodes and Tony drunk on the couch and the flight attendants dancing around them.]

James Rhodes: That's what I'm talking about. When I get up in the morning and I'm putting on my uniform, you know what I recognize? I see in that mirror that every person that's got this uniform on got my back!

Tony Stark: Hey, you know what? I'm not like you. I'm not cut out...

James Rhodes: No, no. You don't have to be like me! But you're more than what you are.

Tony Stark: Can you excuse me if I'm a bit distracted here?

James Rhodes: No! You can't be distracted right now! Listen to me!

[Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan.]

Tony Stark: General.

General: Welcome, Mr. Stark. We look forward to your weapons presentation.

Tony Stark: Thanks.

[Tony giving his presentation in the desert of Afghanistan.]

Tony Stark: Is it better to be feared or respected? I say, is it too much to ask for both? With that in mind, I humbly present the crown jewel of Stark Industries' Freedom Line. It's the first missile system to incorporate our proprietary repulsor technology. They say the best weapon is one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it. That's how America does it. And it's worked out pretty well so far. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I personally guarantee you the bad guys won't even want to come out of their caves. [The missiles get launched.] For your consideration, the Jericho. [The missiles explode]

Tony Stark: [Opening a cooler full of alcohol]I'll be throwing one of these in with every purchase of 500 million or more. To peace! [Tony's phone begins ringing.]

Obadiah Stane: [through the video chat] Tony.

Tony Stark: Obie, what are you doing up?

Obadiah Stane: I couldn't sleep till I found out how it went. How'd it go?

Tony Stark: It went great. Looks like it's gonna be an early Christmas.

Obadiah Stane: Hey! Way to go, my boy! I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?

Tony Stark: Why aren't you wearing those pajamas I got you?

Obadiah Stane: Good night, Tony. [Tony hangs up the call as he enters the military vehicle.]

James Rhodes: Hey, Tony. [Coming up to the vehicle Tony's in.]

Tony Stark: I'm sorry, this is the "fun-vee." The "hum-drum-vee" is back there.

James Rhodes: Nice job.

Tony Stark: See you back at base.

[Replay of the attack in the first scene mixed with Tony have surgery and screaming. Tony wakes up suddenly with a tube up his nose, laying on a cot in a cave. He rips out the tube and tries to pick up a cup on the table beside him, but fails. He notices a man shaving and tries to reach further but is stopped by wires.]

Yinsen: I wouldn't do that if I were you.

[Tony realizes that he's connected to a battery. He rips off the bandages over his chest to see an electromagnet inside his chest]

[Yinsen and Tony sitting by a small fire. Yinsen is making food while Tony is using a mirror to look at his chest.]

Tony Stark: What the hell did you do to me?

Yinsen: What I did? What I did is to save your life. I removed all the shrapnel I could, but there's a lot left, and it's headed into your atrial septum. Here, want to see? [Pulls out a bottle of shrapnel.] I have a souvenir. Take a look. [Tosses the bottle to Tony] I've seen many wounds like that in my village. We call them the walking dead because it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs.

Tony Stark: What is this?

Yinsen: That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery, and it's keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart. Hmm? [Tony sips up the jacket he's wearing and looks at the camera on the ceiling.] That's right. Smile. We met once, you know, at a technical conference in Bern.

Tony Stark: I don't remember.

Yinsen: No, you wouldn't. If I had been that drunk, I wouldn't have been able to stand, much less give a lecture on integrated circuits.

Tony Stark: Where are we?

[Loud voices sound from the another side of the metal door as they open it.]

Yinsen: Come on, stand up. Stand up! Just do as I do. Come on, put your hands up.

[Men walk in with guns.]

Tony Stark: Those are my guns. How did they get my guns?

Yinsen: Do you understand me? Do as I do. [A man starts speaking in Arabic. Yinsen translates for him.] He says, "Welcome, Tony Stark, the most famous mass murderer "in the history of America." [Man speaks in Arabic.] He is honored. [Man speaks in Arabic.] He wants you to build the missile. [Man speaks in Arabic.] The Jericho missile that you demonstrated. [Man speaks in Arabic, handing Yinsen a picture of the Jericho missile.] This one.

Tony Stark: I refuse. [Tony then is shown with his head in a large thing of water. Flashes of himself and the electromagnet in his chest are shown.]

Pepper Potts: Tony! [As a voice in his head as he tries not to drown.]

[The men pull him out, put a bag over his head, and escort him out of the cave. Tony sees a lot of men, tents, and his guns. The same man speaking Arabic before speaks again.]

Yinsen: He wants to know what you think.

Tony Stark: I think you got a lot of my weapons.

[Yinsen translates Tony's words into Arabic. The same man speaking Arabic responds]

Yinsen: He says they have everything you need to build the Jericho missile. He wants you to make the list of materials. [Man speaks Arabic again] He says for you to start working immediately, and when you're done, he will set you free.

Tony Stark: No, he won't. [Shaking the Arabic man's hand.]

Yinsen: No, he won't.

Yinsen: [Tony sitting around a small fire in the cave with Tony] I'm sure they're looking for you, Stark. But they will never find you in these mountains. Look, what you just saw, that is your legacy, Stark. Your life's work, in the hands of those murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark? Or are you going to do something about it?

Tony Stark: Why should I do anything? They're going to kill me, you, either way. And if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week.

Yinsen: Well, then, this is a very important week for you, isn't it? Hm?

Tony Stark: [Directing the men to where to put things while Yinsen's translating] If this is going to be my work station, I want it well-lit. I want these up. I need welding gear. I don't care if it's acetylene or propane. I need a soldering station. I need helmets. I'm gonna need goggles. I would like a smelting cup. I need two sets of precision tools. [Yinsen and Tony start taking apart the weapons.] How many languages do you speak?

Yinsen: A lot. But apparently, not enough for this place. They speak Arabic, Urdu, Dari, Pashto, Mongolian, Farsi, Russian.

Tony Stark: Who are these people?

Yinsen: They are your loyal customers, sir. They call themselves the Ten Rings. [The men of the Ten Rings are shown watching Tony and Yinsen work on a TV.] You know, we might be more productive if you include me in the planning process.

Tony Stark: Uh-huh. [Tony pulls apart a missile.] Okay, we don't need this.

Yinsen: What is that?

Tony Stark: That's palladium, 0.15 grams. We need at least 1.6, so why don't you go break down the other 11?

Man #1: What's he doing? [speaking Arabic]

Man #2: Working. [speaking Arabic]

[Tony and Yinsen working on something. Yinsen is pulling something out of the fire.]

Tony Stark: Careful. Careful, we only get one shot at this.

Yinsen: Relax. I have steady hands. Why do you think you're still alive?

Tony Stark: What do I call you?

Yinsen: My name is Yinsen.

Tony Stark: Yinsen. Nice to meet you.

Yinsen: Nice to meet you, too. [Tony puts together a device while Yinsen watches.] Whoa. That doesn't look like a Jericho missile.

Tony Stark: That's because it's a miniaturized arc reactor. I got a big one powering my factory at home. It should keep the shrapnel out of my heart.

Yinsen: But what could it generate?

Tony Stark: If my math is right, and it always is, three gigajoules per second.

Yinsen: That could run your heart for 50 lifetimes.

Tony Stark: Yeah. Or something big for 15 minutes.

Tony Stark: [Looking at sheets of paper with Tony] This is our ticket out of here.

Yinsen: What is it?

Tony Stark: Flatten them out and look. [Yinsen flattens the sheets out to see a drawing of a metal suit.]

Yinsen: Oh, wow. Impressive.

[Security footage shows that the arc reactor was successfully put in Tony, allowing him more freedom of movement without having to carry the car battery around.]

[Tony and Yinsen playing a game.]

Yinsen: Good. Good roll. Good roll.

Tony Stark: You still haven't told me where you're from.

Yinsen: I'm from a small town called Gulmira. It's actually a nice place.

Tony Stark: Got a family?

Yinsen: Yes, and I will see them when I leave here. And you, Stark?

Tony Stark: No.

Yinsen: No? So you're a man who has everything and nothing.

[The men of the Ten Rings come to the door, armed. They open the hatch to see Tony and Yinsen working before turning around and leaving. Shows Tony welding metal together, while the Ten Rings watch the cameras and compare what he's creating with the Jericho picture.]

Man #1: It doesn't look anything like the picture. [Speaking Arabic]

Man #2: Maybe it's been modified. [Speaking Arabic]

Man #1: The tail is wrong. [Speaking Arabic]

Man #2: It's just backwards. [Speaking Arabic]

[The head of the Ten Rings, Raza, watches Tony and Yinsen test out one of the legs of the suit. He and his men go visit Tony and Yinsen.]

Raza: Relax. [Motioning for the two men to remove their hands from above their heads. They do so as Raza comes up and inspects Tony's arc reactor.] The bow and arrow once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine. An empire twice the size of Alexander the Great and four times the size of the Roman Empire. But today, whoever holds the latest Stark weapons rules these lands. And soon, it will be my turn. [Starts speaking in Urdu as he stares down Tony.] Why have you failed me?

Yinsen: We're working. Diligently. [Speaking in Urdu.]

Raza: [Turns and walks toward Yinsen.] I let you live. This is how you repay me? [Speaking in Urdu.]

Yinsen: It's very complex. He's trying very hard. [Speaking in Urdu.]

Raza: On his knees. [He commands his men in Urdu. Yinsen is forced to his knees.] You think I'm a fool? I'll get the truth. [Speaking in Urdu as he takes a coal from the dying fire.]

Yinsen: We're both working. [Speaking in Urdu.]

Raza: Open your mouth. [Speaking in Urdu.]

Tony Stark: What does he want?

Raza: You think I'm a fool? What's going on? Tell me the truth. [Speaking in Urdu. Raza forces Yinsen's head to lay on the table.]

Yinsen: He's building your Jericho. He's building your Jericho. [Speaking in Urdu.]

Tony Stark: What do you want? A delivery date? [Tony tries to go towards Raza and Yinsen but the other men pull their guns on him.] I need him. Good assistant.

Raza: You have till tomorrow to assemble my missile.

[Tony is shown hammering the helmet of the suit to shape it. He cools it in water before setting on the table in front of Yinsen. Tony is shown wrapping his hands up and Yinsen lifting the suit up. Yinsen helps Tony suit up.]

Yinsen: Okay? Can you move? Okay, say it again.

Tony Stark: 41 steps straight ahead. Then 16 steps, that's from the door, fork right, 33 steps, turn right.

[Raza notices on the security screens that Stark cannot be seen.]

Raza: Where is Stark? [Speaking Arabic]

Man: He was here a moment ago. [Speaking Arabic]

Raza: Go look for him. [Speaking Arabic]

[The men rush to the cell.]

Man: Yinsen! Yinsen! Stark!

Tony Stark: Say something. Say something back to him.

Yinsen: He's speaking Hungarian. I don't...

Tony Stark: Then speak Hungarian.

Yinsen: Okay. I know.

Tony Stark: What do you know?

[The men are shouting through the door while Yinsen is shouting something back at them. The door is shown to have an explosive on it. The men try to open the door, only for it to explode. Raza watches this all on camera and orders his men down there.]

Tony Stark: How'd that work?

Yinsen: Oh, my goodness. It worked all right.

Tony Stark: That's what I do.

Yinsen: Let me finish this.

Tony Stark: Initialize the power sequence.

Yinsen: Okay.

Tony Stark: Now!

Yinsen: Tell me. Tell me.

Tony Stark: Function 11. Tell me when you see a progress bar. It should be up right now.

Yinsen: Yes.

Tony Stark: Talk to me. Tell me when you see it.

Yinsen: I have it.

Tony Stark: Press Control "l".

Yinsen: "I."

Tony Stark: "I." "Enter."

Yinsen: Got it.

Tony Stark: "l" and "Enter." Come over here and button me up.

Yinsen: Okay. All right.

Tony Stark: Every other hex bolt.

Yinsen: They're coming!

Tony Stark: Nothing pretty, just get it done. Just get it done.

Yinsen: They're coming.

Tony Stark: Make sure the checkpoints are clear before you follow me out, okay?

Yinsen: We need more time. Hey, I'm gonna go buy you some time.

Tony Stark: Stick to the plan! Stick to the plan! [Yinsen runs out of the cave with a gun from one of the dead men.] Yinsen! Yinsen!

[Tony watches the progress bar move while Yinsen aimlessly shoots the cave walls as he runs, scarring the men. Yinsen is stopped when he reaches the mouth of the cave and a group of men. The progress bar finishes loading, causing the lights to dim, and the suit to be powered. More men arrive in the cave to get Tony. Tony attacks them using the suit. On his way out of the cave, he attacks more of the men. Raza waits at the mouth of the cave. Tony arrives to see Yinsen has been shot.]

Tony Stark: Yinsen!

Yinsen: Watch out! [Raza tries to shoot at Tony but misses. Tony shoots back, hitting the wall behind Raza, causing a mini explosion and knocking Raza out.] Stark.

Tony Stark: Come on. [Tony opens is helmet.] We got to go. Move for me, come on. We got a plan. We're gonna stick to it.

Yinsen: This was always the plan, Stark.

Tony Stark: Come on, you're gonna go see your family. Get up.

Yinsen: My family is dead. I'm going to see them now, Stark. It's okay. I want this. I want this.

Tony Stark: Thank you for saving me.

Yinsen: Don't waste it. Don't waste your life.

[Yinsen dies. Tony turns angry. There are men waiting outside of the mouth of the cave. They all shoot at Tony in the suit, but don't do any damage.]

Tony Stark: My turn. [Tony shoots fire at the men and their camp from his suit. The men continue to shoot at Tony, beginning to cause damage to the suit. Tony flips a suit and shoots up in the air. He screams as he falls into the sand on the other side of the mountains. The suit breaks when he lands.] Not bad.

[Tony then is seen wondering through the desert, exhausted. Military helicopters fly up from behind him.]

Tony Stark: Hey! [Waving down the helicopters.] Hey!

[As one of the helicopters lands, Tony collapses to his knees, holding up a peace sign. Rhodey and a few men are seen running up to Tony from the helicopter.]

James Rhodes: How was the "fun-vee"? Next time, you ride with me, okay?

[California Military Base where a giant plane has just landed. Medical, Happy, and Pepper are waiting there. The ramp lowers and Rhodey helps Tony down.]

James Rhodes: Watch it, coming up here.

Tony Stark: Are you kidding me with this? Get rid of them. [Tony walks up to Pepper.] Your eyes are red. A few tears for your long-lost boss?

Pepper Potts: Tears of joy. I hate job hunting.

Tony Stark: Yeah, vacation's over.

[Tony, Pepper, and Happy get into the car.]

Happy: Where to, sir?

Pepper Potts: Take us to the hospital, please, Happy.

Tony Stark: No.

Pepper Potts: No? Tony, you have to go to the hospital.

Tony Stark: No is a complete answer.

Pepper Potts: The doctor has to look at you.

Tony Stark: I don't have to do anything. I've been in captivity for three months. There are two things I want to do. I want an American cheeseburger, and the other...

Pepper Potts: That's enough of that.

Tony Stark: ...is not what you think. I want you to call for a press conference now.

Pepper Potts: Call for a press conference?

Tony Stark: Yeah.

Pepper Potts: What on earth for?

Tony Stark: Hogan, drive. Cheeseburger first.

[Happy driving them up to Stark Industries HQ, where Obadiah is waiting with the press and their employees.]

Obadiah Stane: Look at this! Tony. We were going to meet at the hospital.

Tony Stark: No, I'm fine.

Obadiah Stane: Look at you! You had to have a burger, yeah?

Tony Stark: Well, come on.

Obadiah Stane: You get me one of those?

Tony Stark: There's only one left. I need it.

Obadiah Stane: Hey, look who's here! Yeah!

Agent Coulson: Miss Potts?

Pepper Potts: Yes.

Agent Coulson: Can I speak to you for a moment?

Pepper Potts: I'm not part of the press conference, but it's about to begin right now.

Agent Coulson: I'm not a reporter. I'm Agent Phil Coulson, with the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.

Pepper Potts: That's quite a mouthful.

Agent Coulson: I know. We're working on it.

Pepper Potts: You know, we've been approached already by the DOD, the FBI, the CIA...

Agent Coulson: We're a separate division with a more specific focus. We need to debrief Mr. Stark about the circumstances of his escape.

Pepper Potts: I'll put something in the book, shall I?

Agent Coulson: Thank you.

Obadiah Stane: Well, let's get this started, uh...

Tony Stark: Hey, would it be all right if everyone sat down? [Sitting in front of the podium.] Why don't you just sit down? That way you can see me, and I can... A little less formal and... [Tony takes a bite of his cheeseburger as everyone sits, or squats, down]

James Rhodes: What's up with the love-in?

Pepper Potts: Don't look at me. I don't know what he's up to.

Tony Stark: Good to see you.

Obadiah Stane: Good to see you.

Tony Stark: I never got to say goodbye to Dad. I never got to say goodbye to my father. There's questions that I would have asked him. I would have asked him how he felt about what this company did. If he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Or maybe he was every inch the man we all remember from the newsreels. I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero accountability.

Reporters: Mr. Stark!

Tony Stark: Hey, Ben.

Reporter (Ben): What happened over there?

Tony Stark: I had my eyes opened. [Tony stands and moves behind the podium.] I came to realize that I have more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark International [Everyone stands up in commotion.] until such a time as I can decide what the future of the company will be.

Obadiah Stane: I think we're gonna be selling a lot of newspapers. [Standing up beside Tony.]

Tony Stark: What direction it should take, one that I'm comfortable with and is consistent with the highest good for this country, as well. [Tony leaves the stage.]

Obadiah Stane: What we should take away from this is that Tony's back! And he's healthier than ever. We're going to have a little internal discussion and we'll get back to you with the follow-up. [Obadiah is shown on a Segway, riding up to one of the Stark buildings. Happy leaning against a car outside.] Where is he?

Happy: He's inside.

[Obadiah goes inside to find Tony looking at the giant arc reactor.]

Obadiah Stane: Well, that..uh... That went well.

Tony Stark: Did I just paint a target on the back of my head?

Obadiah Stane: Your head? What about my head? What do you think the over-under on the stock drop is gonna be tomorrow?

Tony Stark: Uh, optimistically, 40 points.

Obadiah Stane: At minimum.

Tony Stark: Yep.

Obadiah Stane: Tony, we're a weapons manufacturer.

Tony Stark: Obie, I just don't want a body count to be our only legacy.

Obadiah Stane: That's what we do. We're iron mongers. We make weapons.

Tony Stark: It's my name on the side of the building.

Obadiah Stane: And what we do keeps the world from falling into chaos.

Tony Stark: Not based on what I saw. We're not doing a good enough job. We can do better. We're gonna do something else.

Obadiah Stane: Like what? You want us to make baby bottles?

Tony Stark: I think we should take another look into arc reactor technology.

Obadiah Stane: Ah, come on. The arc reactor, that's a publicity stunt! Tony, come on. We built that thing to shut the hippies up.

Tony Stark: It works.

Obadiah Stane: Yeah, as a science project. The arc was never cost effective. We knew that before we built it. Arc reactor technology, that's a dead end, right?

Tony Stark: Maybe.

Obadiah Stane: Huh? Am I right? We haven't had a breakthrough in that in what? Thirty years.

Tony Stark: That's what they say. Could you have a lousier poker face? Just tell me, who told you?

Obadiah Stane: Never mind who told me. Show me.

Tony Stark: It's Rhodey or Pepper.

Obadiah Stane: I want to see it.

Tony Stark: Okay, Rhodey. [Tony opens his shirt to show Obadiah the reactor in his chest.]

Obadiah Stane: Okay. [Obadiah begins to button Tony's shirt back up.]

Tony Stark: Okay? It works.

Obadiah Stane: Listen to me, Tony. We're a team. Do you understand? There's nothing we can't do if we stick together, like your father and I.

Tony Stark: I'm sorry I didn't give you a heads-up, okay? But if I had...

Obadiah Stane: Tony. Tony, no more of this "ready, fire, aim" business. You understand me?

Tony Stark: That was Dad's line.

Obadiah Stane: You gotta let me handle this. We're gonna have to play a whole different kind of ball now. We're going to have to take a lot of heat. I want you to promise me that you're gonna lay low.

[Stark Mansion, where Pepper is watching the news.]

Newcaster: Stark Industries! I've got one recommendation! Ready? Ready? Sell, sell, sell! Abandon ship! Does the Hindenburg ring any bells? Let me show you the new Stark Industries business plan! Look, that's a weapons company that doesn't make weapons!

Tony Stark: [Over the intercoms] Pepper. How big are your hands?

Pepper Potts: What?

Tony Stark: How big are your hands?

Pepper Potts: I don't understand why...

Tony Stark: Get down here. I need you. [Pepper enters Tony's workshop to find Tony lying shirtless on a chair.] Hey. Let's see them. Show me your hands. Let's see them. [Pepper holds up her hands as she comes closer.] Oh, wow. They are small. Very petite, indeed. I just uh.. need your help for a sec.

Pepper Potts: Oh, my God, is that the thing that's keeping you alive?

Tony Stark: It was. It is now an antique. This is what will be keeping me alive for the foreseeable future. I'm swapping it up for an upgraded unit, and I just ran into a little speed bump.

Pepper Potts: Speed bump, what does that mean?

Tony Stark: It's nothing. It's just a little snag. There's an exposed wire under this device. And it's contacting the socket wall and causing a little bit of a short. It's fine. [Tony pulls out the old device, handing it to Pepper.]

Pepper Potts: What do you want me to do?

Tony Stark: Put that on the table over there. That is irrelevant.

Pepper Potts: Oh, my God! [Setting the old reactor on the table.]

Tony Stark: I want you to reach in, and you're just gonna gently lift the wire out.

Pepper Potts: Is it safe?

Tony Stark: Yeah, it should be fine. It's like Operation. You just don't let it touch the socket wall or it goes "beep."

Pepper Potts: What do you mean, "Operation"?

Tony Stark: It's just a game, never mind. Just gently lift the wire.

Pepper Potts: Okay.

Tony Stark: Okay? Great.

Pepper Potts: You know, I don't think that I'm qualified to do this.

Tony Stark: No, you're fine. You're the most capable, qualified, trustworthy person I've ever met. You're gonna do great. Is it too much of a problem to ask? 'Cause I'm...

Pepper Potts: Okay, okay.

Tony Stark: I really need your help here.

Pepper Potts: Okay. [Slides her hand into the hole in Tony's chest.] Oh, there's pus!

Tony Stark: It's not pus. It's an inorganic plasmic discharge from the device, not from my body.

Pepper Potts: It smells!

Tony Stark: Yeah, it does. The copper wire. The copper wire, you got it?

Pepper Potts: Okay, I got it! I got it!

Tony Stark: Okay, you got it? Now, don't let it touch [Pepper lets it touch the side.] the sides when you're coming out!

Pepper Potts: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

Tony Stark: That's what I was trying to tell you before. Okay, now make sure that when you pull it out, that you don't... [Pepper pulls out the wire with the magnet attached and the medical equipment starts beeping.] There's a magnet at the end of it! That was it. You just pulled it out.

Pepper Potts: Oh, God!

Tony Stark: Okay, I was not expecting...

Pepper Potts: Okay, what do I do?

Tony Stark: Don't put it back in! Don't put it back in!

Pepper Potts: What's wrong?

Tony Stark: Nothing, I'm just going into cardiac arrest--

Pepper Potts: What? You said it was safe!

Tony Stark: 'cause you yanked it out like a trout... We gotta hurry. Take this. Take this. You gotta switch it out really quick.

Pepper Potts: Okay. Okay. Tony?

Tony Stark: What?

Pepper Potts: It's going to be okay. Okay?

Tony Stark: Is it?

Pepper Potts: It's gonna be okay. I'm gonna make this okay.

Tony Stark: Let's hope. Okay, you're gonna attach that to the base plate. Make s-sure you... [Screams went it attaches.] Was that so hard? That was fun, right? Here, I got it. I got it. Here. Nice.

Pepper Potts: Are you okay?

Tony Stark: Yeah, I feel great. You okay?

Pepper Potts: Don't ever, ever, ever, ever ask me to do anything like that ever again.

Tony Stark: I don't have anyone but you. Anyway... [Tony rips on the wires off and stands up.]

Pepper Potts: What do you want me to do with this? [Holding Tony's old reactor.]

Tony Stark: That? Destroy it. Incinerate it.

Pepper Potts: You don't want to keep it?

Tony Stark: Pepper, I've been called many things. "Nostalgic" is not one of them.

Pepper Potts: Will that be all, Mr. Stark?

Tony Stark: That will be all, Miss Potts. [Turns to talk to his robot while he eyes Pepper as she walks away.] Hey, Butterfingers, come here. What's all this stuff doing on top of my desk? That's my phone, that's a picture of me and my dad. Right there. In the garbage. All that stuff.

[Air Force Base where Rhodes is guiding a group of people through the hanger.]

James Rhodes: The future of air combat. Is it manned or unmanned? I'll tell you, in my experience, no unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct, his insight, that ability to look into a situation beyond the obvious and discern its outcome, or a pilot's judgment.

Tony Stark: Colonel? Why not a pilot without the plane?

James Rhodes: Look who fell out of the sky. Mr. Tony Stark.

Man: Hello, sir.

Tony Stark: Speaking of manned or unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at spring break. Just remember that, spring break, 1987. That lovely lady you woke up with.

James Rhodes: Don't do that!

Tony Stark: What was his name?

James Rhodes: Don't do that.

Tony Stark: Was it Ivan?

James Rhodes: Don't do that. They'll believe it.

Tony Stark: Okay.

James Rhodes: Don't do that.

Tony Stark: Okay.

James Rhodes: Don't do that.

Tony Stark: Pleasure meeting you.

James Rhodes: Give us a couple minutes, you guys. [The group walks off.] I'm surprised.

Tony Stark: Why?

James Rhodes: I swear, I didn't expect to see you walking around so soon.

Tony Stark: I'm doing a little better than walking.

James Rhodes: Really?

Tony Stark: Yeah. Rhodey, I'm working on something big. I came to talk to you. I want you to be a part of it.

James Rhodes: You're about to make a whole lot of people around here real happy, 'cause that little stunt at the press conference, that was a doozy.

Tony Stark: This is not for the military. I'm not... It's different.

James Rhodes: What? You're a humanitarian now or something?

Tony Stark: I need you to listen to me.

James Rhodes: No. What you need is time to get your mind right. I'm serious.

Tony Stark: Okay.

James Rhodes: It's nice seeing you, Tony. [Rhodey walks off.]

Tony Stark: Thanks.

[Tony in his workshop, working on his computer and hologram table.]

Tony Stark: JARVIS, you up?

JARVIS: For you, sir, always.

Tony Stark: I'd like to open a new project file, index as Mark Two.

JARVIS: Shall I store this on the Stark Industries Central Database?

Tony Stark: Actually, I don't know who to trust right now. Till further notice, why don't we just keep everything on my private server?

JARVIS: Working on a secret project, are we, sir?

Tony Stark: I don't want this winding up in the wrong hands. Maybe in mine, it can actually do some good.

[men from the Ten Rings searching the desert for Tony's suit. Shows that part of Raza's face was burned]

[Tony working on a boot for the new suit in his workshop. His robot, Dummy, is assisting him.]

Tony Stark: Next. Up. Not in the boot, Dummy. Right here. You got me? Stay put. Nice. You're of no benefit at all. Move down to the toe. I got this. Okay, I'm sorry, am I in your way? Up. Screw it. Don't even move. You are a tragedy.

[Tony wearing the boots in his workshop for a test flight. One of the robots is filming it, while Dummy is in charge of the fire extinguisher.]

Tony Stark: Okay, let's do this right. Start mark, half a meter, and back and center. Dummy, look alive. You're on standby for fire safety. You, roll it. Okay. Activate hand controls. We're gonna start off nice and easy. We're gonna see if 10% thrust capacity achieves lift. And three, two, one.

[Tony immediately flings back and hits the upper wall. Dummy uses the fire extinguisher on him. Tony is then seen working on flight stabilizers for his hands/arms. While he's working, Pepper comes in with a wrapped box and a cup of something.]

Tony Stark: Up two. All right, set that.

Pepper Potts: I've been buzzing you. Did you hear the intercom?

Tony Stark: Yeah, everything's... What? [Still distracted with the flight stabilizer.]

Pepper Potts: Obadiah's upstairs.

Tony Stark: Great!

Pepper Potts: What would you like me to tell him?

Tony Stark: Great. I'll be right up.

Pepper Potts: Okay. I thought you said you were done making weapons.

Tony Stark: It is. This is a flight stabilizer. It's completely harmless. [The stabilizer shoots, flinging Tony backwards and scaring Pepper.] I didn't expect that. [Tony then comes up stairs to find Obadiah playing the piano and Pepper working on the couch.] How'd it go? It went that bad, huh?

Obadiah Stane: Just because I brought pizza back from New York doesn't mean it went bad. [Still playing the piano.]

Tony Stark: Sure doesn't. Oh, boy.

Obadiah Stane: It would have gone better if you were there.

Tony Stark: Uh-huh. You told me to lay low. That's what I've been doing. I lay low, and you take care of all...

Obadiah Stane: Hey, come on. In public. The press. [Comes over to sit next to Tony.] This was a board of directors meeting.

Tony Stark: This was a board of directors meeting?

Obadiah Stane: The board is claiming you have post-traumatic stress. They're filing an injunction.

Tony Stark: A what?

Obadiah Stane: They want to lock you out.

Tony Stark: Why, 'cause the stocks dipped 40 points? We knew that was gonna happen.

Pepper Potts: Fifty-six and a half.

Tony Stark: It doesn't matter. We own the controlling interest in the company.

Obadiah Stane: Tony, the board has rights, too. They're making the case that you and your new direction isn't in the company's best interest.

Tony Stark: I'm being responsible! That's a new direction for me, for the company. I mean, me on the company's behalf being responsible for the way that... This is great. [Tony stands up, taking the pizza box with him. Obadiah follows.]

Obadiah Stane: Oh, come on. Tony. Tony.

Tony Stark: I'll be in the shop.

Obadiah Stane: Hey, hey! Hey, Tony. Listen. I'm trying to turn this thing around, but you gotta give me something. Something to pitch them. Let me have the engineers analyze that. You know, draw up some specs.

Tony Stark: No. No, absolutely not.

Obadiah Stane: It'll give me a bone to throw the boys in New York!

Tony Stark: This one stays with me. That's it, Obie. Forget it.

Obadiah Stane: All right, well, this stays with me, then. [Obadiah takes the pizza box back.] Go on, here, you can have a piece. Take two.

Tony Stark: Thank you.

Obadiah Stane: You mind if I come down there and see what you're doing?

Tony Stark: Good night, Obie. [Tony heads back down to his workshop]

Tony Stark: [running another flight test, this time wearing the boots and hand flight stabilizers] Day 11, test 37, configuration 2.0. For lack of a better option, Dummy is still on fire safety. If you douse me again, and I'm not on fire, I'm donating you to a city college. All right, nice and easy. Seriously, just gonna start off with 1% thrust capacity. And three, two, one. [Lifts off the ground and hovers for a bit before landing.] Okay. Please don't follow me around with it, either, 'cause I feel like I'm gonna catch on fire spontaneously. Just stand down! If something happens, then come in. And again, let's bring it up to 2.5. Three, two, one. [Lifts off the ground with less control and starts hovering all over the workshop.] Okay, this is where I don't want to be! Not the car, not the car! Table! Could be worse! Could be worse! We're fine! Okay. [Lands where he started. Dummy goes to use the fire extinguisher.] No! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Yeah, I can fly.

[Tony fully suiting up in the Mark II.]

Tony Stark: JARVIS, are you there?

JARVIS: At your service, sir.

Tony Stark: Engage heads-up display.

JARVIS: Check.

Tony Stark: Import all preferences from home interface.

JARVIS: Will do, sir.

Tony Stark: All right, what do you say?

JARVIS: I have indeed been uploaded, sir. We're online and ready.

Tony Stark: Can we start the virtual walk-around?

JARVIS: Importing preferences and calibrating virtual environment.

Tony Stark: Do a check on control surfaces

JARVIS: As you wish. [The full suit is shown.] Test complete. Preparing to power down and begin diagnostics.

Tony Stark: Uh, yeah. Tell you what. Do a weather and ATC check. Start listening in on ground control.

JARVIS: Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations needed before an actual flight is...

Tony Stark: JARVIS! Sometimes you got to run before you can walk. Ready? In three, two, one. [Begins hovering and flies out of the garage into the sky.] Handles like a dream. All right, let's see what this thing can do. What's SR-71's record?

JARVIS: The altitude record for fixed wing flight is 85,000 feet, sir.

Tony Stark: Records are made to be broken! Come on! [Begins flying straight up.]

JARVIS: Sir, there is a potentially fatal buildup of ice occurring.

Tony Stark: Keep going! Higher! [Ice builds up around the suit, causing it to stop working and him to start flying from the sky.] We iced up, JARVIS! Deploy flaps! JARVIS! Come on, we got to break the ice!

[Tony manually gets the flaps up. The power starts just it time before he crashes into traffic. He heads back to the mansion and hovers above it, hoping to safely land on the roof.]

Tony Stark: Kill power.

[Power is killed and Tony falls through the roof, the piano, and down into his workshop, landing on top of a car. Dummy uses the fire extinguisher on him]

[Tony out of the suit, walking around the workshop with an ice pack on his head. He picks up the cup that Pepper left earlier and notices the package she left. On top, it has a sticky note saying 'from Pepper'. He takes it off and opens the package.]

Tony Stark: Notes. Main transducer feels sluggish at plus 40 altitude. Hull pressurization is problematic. I'm thinking icing is the probable factor.

JARVIS: A very astute observation, sir. Perhaps, if you intend to visit other planets, we should improve the exosystems.

Tony Stark: Connect to the sys. co. Have it reconfigure the shell metals. Use the gold titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical satellite. That should ensure a fuselage integrity while maintaining power-to-weight ratio. Got it?

JARVIS: Yes. Shall I render using proposed specifications?

Tony Stark: Thrill me.

TV Reporter: Tonight's red-hot red carpet is right here at the Disney Concert Hall, where Tony Stark's third annual benefit for the Firefighter's Family Fund has become the place to be for L.A.'s high society.

Tony Stark: JARVIS, we get an invite for that?

JARVIS: I have no record of an invitation, sir.

TV Reporter: ... hasn't been seen in public since his bizarre and highly controversial press conference. Some claim he's suffering from post traumatic stress and has been bedridden for weeks. Whatever the case may be, no one expects an appearance from him tonight.

JARVIS: The render is complete.

Tony Stark: A little ostentatious, don't you think?

JARVIS: What was I thinking? You're usually so discreet.

Tony Stark: Tell you what. Throw a little hot-rod red in there.

JARVIS: Yes, that should help you keep a low profile. The render is complete.

Tony Stark: Hey, I like it. Fabricate it. Paint it.

JARVIS: Commencing automated assembly. Estimated completion time is five hours.

Tony Stark: Don't wait up for me, honey.

Obadiah Stane: Weapons manufacturing is only one small part of what Stark Industries is all about, and our partnership with the fire and rescue community...

Random Woman: Hey, Tony, remember me?

Tony Stark: Sure don't. You look great, Hef.

Obadiah Stane: We're going to have a great quarter.

Tony Stark: What's the world coming to when a guy's got to crash his own party?

Obadiah Stane: Look at you. Hey, what a surprise.

Tony Stark: I'll see you inside.

Obadiah Stane: Hey. Listen, take it slow, all right? I think I got the board right where we want them

Tony Stark: You got it. Just cabin fever. I'll just be a minute. Give me a Scotch. I'm starving.

Agent Coulson: Mr. Stark?

Tony Stark: Yeah?

Agent Coulson: Agent Coulson.

Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy from the..

Agent Coulson: Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.

Tony Stark: God, you need a new name for that.

Agent Coulson: Yeah, I hear that a lot. Listen, I know this must be a trying time for you, but we need to debrief you. There's still a lot of unanswered questions, and time can be a factor with these things.

Tony Stark: Let's just put something on the books.

Agent Coulson: How about the 24th at 7:00 p.m. at Stark Industries?

Tony Stark: Tell you what. You got it. You're absolutely right. Well, I'm going to go to my assistant, and we'll make a date. You look fantastic! I didn't recognize you.

Pepper Potts: What are you doing here?

Tony Stark: Just avoiding government agents.

Pepper Potts: Are you by yourself?

Tony Stark: Yes. Where'd you get that dress?

Pepper Potts: Oh, it was a birthday present.

Tony Stark: That's great.

Pepper Potts: From you, actually.

Tony Stark: Well, I got great taste.

Pepper Potts: Yes.

Tony Stark: You want to dance?

Pepper Potts: Oh, no.

Tony Stark: All right, come on.

Pepper Potts: Thank you. No.

Tony Stark: Am I making you uncomfortable?

Pepper Potts: No. No. I always forget to wear deodorant and dance with my boss in front of everyone that I work with in a dress with no back.

Tony Stark: You look great and you smell great.

Pepper Potts: Oh, God.

Tony Stark: But I could fire you if that would take the edge off.

Pepper Potts: I actually don't think that you could tie your shoes without me.

Tony Stark: I'd make it a week. Sure.

Pepper Potts: Really? What's your Social Security number?

Tony Stark: Five.

Pepper Potts: Five?

Tony Stark: Right.

Pepper Potts: Right. You're missing just a couple of digits there.

Tony Stark: The other eight? So, I got you for the other eight. How about a little air?

Pepper Potts: Yes, I need some air. That was totally weird.

Tony Stark: Totally harmless.

Pepper Potts: It was totally not harmless, by the way.

Tony Stark: We're dancing. No one's even watching.

Pepper Potts: Everybody who I work with... No, you know why?

Tony Stark: I think you lost objectivity. I think they just... People... We just danced.

Pepper Potts: No, it was not just a dance. You don't understand because you're you. And everybody knows exactly who you are and how you are with girls and all of that, which is completely fine. But, you know, then me, you're my boss, and I'm dancing with you.

Tony Stark: I don't think it was taken that way.

Pepper Potts: Because it makes me look like the one who's trying to...

Tony Stark: I just think you're overstating it.

Pepper Potts: You know, and we're here, and then I'm wearing this ridiculous dress, and then we were dancing like that and... I would like a drink, please.

Tony Stark: Got it, okay.

Pepper Potts: I would like a vodka martini, please.

Tony Stark: Okay.

Pepper Potts: Very dry with olives, a lot of olives. Like, at least three olives.

Tony Stark: Two vodka martinis, extra dry, extra olives, extra fast. Make one of them dirty, will you?

Christine Everhart: Wow. Tony Stark.

Tony Stark: Oh, hey.

Christine Everhart: Fancy seeing you here.

Tony Stark: Carrie.

Christine Everhart: Christine.

Tony Stark: That's right.

Christine Everhart: You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight. Can I at least get a reaction from you?

Tony Stark: Panic. I would say panic is my reaction.

Christine Everhart: 'Cause I was referring to your company's involvement in this latest atrocity

Tony Stark: Yeah. They just put my name on the invitation. I don't know what to tell you.

Christine Everhart: I actually almost bought it, hook, line and sinker.

Tony Stark: I was out of town for a couple months, in case you didn't hear.

Christine Everhart: Is this what you call accountability? It's a town called Gulmira. Heard of it?

Tony Stark: When were these taken?

Christine Everhart: Yesterday.

Tony Stark: I didn't approve any shipment.

Christine Everhart: Well, your company did.

Tony Stark: Well, I'm not my company.

Obadiah Stane: Please, do you mind?

Tony Stark: Have you seen these pictures? What's going on in Gulmira?

Obadiah Stane: Tony, Tony. You can't afford to be this naive.

Tony Stark: You know what? I was naive before, when they said, "Here's the line. We don't cross it. This is how we do business." If we're double-dealing under the table... Are we?

Reporter: Tony, your picture, please!

Obadiah Stane: Let's take a picture. Come on. Picture time! Tony. Who do you think locked you out? I was the one who filed the injunction against you. It was the only way I could protect you.

Obadiah Stane: No. No.

TV Reporter: The 15-mile hike to the outskirts of Gulmira can only be described as a descent into hell, into a modern-day Heart of Darkness. Simple farmers and herders from peaceful villages have been driven from their homes, displaced from their lands by warlords emboldened by a new-found power. Villagers have been forced to take shelter in whatever crude dwellings they can find in the ruins of other villages, or here in the remnants of an old Soviet smelting plant. Recent violence has been attributed to a group of foreign fighters referred to by locals as the Ten Rings. As you can see, these men are heavily armed and on a mission. A mission that could prove fatal to anyone who stands in their way. With no political will or international pressure, there's very little hope for these refugees. Around me, a woman begging for news on her husband, who was kidnapped by insurgents, either forced to join their militia. Desperate refugees clutch yellowed photographs, holding them up to anyone who will stop. A child's simple question, "Where are my mother and father?" There's very little hope for these refugees, refugees who can only wonder who, if anyone, will help.

Tony Stark: He's all yours.

Captain: What the hell was that? Were we cleared to go in there?

CAOC Analyst #1: No sir, they were using human shields. We never got the green light

Major Allen: Put me through to State. They're going to be all over this.

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): Get those monitors up!

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): We got a bogey!

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): Wasn't Air Force!

Major Allen: We got the CIA on the line?

Captain: I've got Langley on the line. They want to know if it's us.

CAOC Analyst #1: No, it definitely is not us, sir!

CAOC Analyst #2: It wasn't Navy.

CAOC Analyst #3: Wasn't Marines.

Major Allen: I need answers! Can I please get eyes on target?

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): Negative, negative. Cannot identify.

Major Allen: Get me Colonel Rhodes from weapons development down here now!

Major Allen: We ran an ID check and cross-referenced with all known databases. We have nothing.

James Rhodes: Any high-altitude surveillance in the region?

Captain: We got an AWAC and a Global Hawk in the area.

James Rhodes: So, this thing just appeared out of nowhere? How come it didn't show up on the radar?

CAOC Analyst #1: Got a minimal radar cross-section, sir.

James Rhodes: Is it stealth?

CAOC Analyst #1: No, sir, it's tiny. We think it's an unmanned aerial vehicle.

Major Allen: Colonel, what are we dealing with here?

James Rhodes: Let me make a call.

Major Allen: Sergeant, clear a hole.

Tony Stark: Hello?

James Rhodes: Tony?

Tony Stark: Who's this?

James Rhodes: It's Rhodes.

Tony Stark: Sorry, hello?

James Rhodes: I said it's Rhodes.

Tony Stark: Speak up, please.

James Rhodes: What in the hell is that noise?

Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, I'm driving with the top down.

James Rhodes: Yeah, well, I need your help right now.

Tony Stark: It's funny how that works, huh?

James Rhodes: Yeah. Speaking of funny, we've got a weapons depot that was just blown up a few clicks from where you were being held captive.

Tony Stark: Well, that's a hot spot. Sounds like someone stepped in and did your job for you, huh?

James Rhodes: Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?

Tony Stark: I'm not, I was just jogging in the canyon.

James Rhodes: I thought you were driving.

Tony Stark: Right, I was driving to the canyon, where I'm going to jog.

James Rhodes: You sure you don't have any tech in that area I should know about?

Tony Stark: Nope!

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): Bogey spotted!

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): Whiplash, come in hot.

James Rhodes: Okay, good, 'cause I'm staring at one right now, and it's about to be blown to kingdom come.

Tony Stark: That's my exit.

Pilot #1: Ballroom, this is Whiplash One. I've got the bogey in my sights.

James Rhodes: Whiplash One, what is it?

Pilot #1: I've got no idea.

Major Allen: You have radio contact?

Pilot #1: Non responsive, sir.

Major Allen: Then you are clear to engage.

Tony Stark: Hit it.

Pilot #1: That bogey just went supersonic. I got a lock!

JARVIS: Inbound missile.

Tony Stark: Flares!

Pilot #1: Wait a second. Bogey deployed flares!

Tony Stark: Deploy flaps!

Pilot #2: Holy!

CAOC Analyst (offscreen): That thing just jumped off the radar, sir.

CAOC Analyst #2: The sat visual has been lost.

Pilot #1: No way that's a UAV.

Major Allen: What is it?

Pilot #2: I can't see anything.

Pilot #1: Whatever it was, it just bought the farm. I think bogey's been handled, sir.

James Rhodes: Hello?

Tony Stark: Hi, Rhodey, it's me.

James Rhodes: It's who?

Tony Stark: I'm sorry, it is me. You asked. What you were asking about is me.

James Rhodes: No, see, this isn't a game. You do not send civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that?

Tony Stark: This is not a piece of equipment. I'm in it. It's a suit. It's me!

Major Allen: Rhodey, you got anything for me?

Major Allen: Mark your position and return to base.

Pilot #1: Roger that, Ballroom.

Pilot #1: On your belly! It looks like a man! Shake him off! Roll! Roll! I'm hit! I'm hit!

It's confirmed. He has been hit.

Pilot #2: Punch out! Punch out! Whiplash One down.

Whiplash Two, do you see a chute?

Pilot #2: Negative! No chute, no chute!

Pilot #1: My chute's jammed!

Pilot #2: Sir, I've got a visual on the bogey.

Major Allen: Whiplash Two, reengage. If you get a clear shot, you take it.

James Rhodes: Major, we don't even know what we're shooting at. Call off the Raptors.

Major Allen: That thing just took out an F-22 inside a legal no fly zone! Whiplash Two, if you have a clear shot, take it!

JARVIS: You've been reengaged. Execute evasive maneuver.

Tony Stark1: Keep going!

Pilot #2: Good chute! Good chute!

James Rhodes: Tony, you still there?

Tony Stark: Hey, thanks.

James Rhodes: Oh, my God, you crazy son of a bitch. You owe me a plane. You know that, right?

Tony Stark: Yeah, well, technically, he hit me. Now are you going to come by and see what I'm working on?

James Rhodes: No, no, no, no, no, no, the less I know, the better. Now, what am I supposed to tell the press?

Tony Stark: Training exercise. Isn't that the usual BS?

James Rhodes: It's not that simple. An unfortunate training exercise involving an F-22 Raptor occurred yesterday. I am pleased to report that the pilot was not injured. As for the unexpected turn of events on the ground in Gulmira, it is still unclear who or what intervened, but I can assure you that the United States government was not involved.

Tony Stark: Hey!

JARVIS: It is a tight fit, sir. Sir, the more you struggle, the more this is going to hurt.

Tony Stark: Be gentle. This is my first time. I designed this to come off, so... Hey. I really should be able to...

JARVIS: Please, try not to move, sir.

Pepper Potts: What's going on here?

Tony Stark: Let's face it. This is not the worst thing you've caught me doing.

Pepper Potts: Are those bullet holes?

Raza: Welcome. Compliments of Tony Stark.

Obadiah Stane: If you'd killed him when you were supposed to, you'd still have a face.

Raza: You paid us trinkets to kill a prince.

Obadiah Stane: Show me the weapon.

Raza: Come. Leave your guards outside. [Raza and Stane walk inside the tent] His escape bore unexpected fruit.

Obadiah Stane: So this is how he did it.

Raza: This is only a first, crude effort. Stark has perfected his design. He has made a masterpiece of death. A man with a dozen of these can rule all of Asia. And you dream of Stark's throne. We have a common enemy. If we are still in business, I will give you these designs... as a gift. And in turn, I hope you'll repay me with a gift of iron soldiers.

Obadiah Stane: Technology. [Stane uses a machine to stun Raza] It's always been your Achilles' heel in this part of the world. Don't worry. It'll only last for 15 minutes. That's the least of your problems. [Stane walks out of the tent] Crate up the armor and the rest of it. All right, let's finish up here.

Obadiah Stane: [Talking in the phone while in a car] Set up Sector 16 underneath the arc reactor, and I'm going to want this data masked. Recruit our top engineers. I want a prototype right away.

Tony Stark: Hey. You busy? You mind if I send you on an errand? I need you to go to my office. You're going to hack into the mainframe and you're going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip. This'll get you in. It's probably under Executive Files. If not, they put it on a ghost drive, in which case you need to look for the lowest numeric heading.

Pepper Potts: And what do you plan to do with this information if I bring it back here?

Tony Stark: Same drill. They've been dealing under the table, and I'm going to stop them. I'm going to find my weapons and destroy them.

Pepper Potts: Tony, you know that I would help you with anything, but I cannot help you if you're going to start all of this again.

Tony Stark: There is nothing except this. There's no art opening. There is no benefit. There is nothing to sign. There is the next mission and nothing else.

Pepper Potts: Is that so? Well, then, I quit. [Pepper throws the lock chip on the table.]

Tony Stark: You stood by my side all these years while I reaped the benefits of destruction. And now that I'm trying to protect the people that I put in harm's way, you're going to walk out?

Pepper Potts: You're going to kill yourself, Tony. I'm not going to be a part of it.

Tony Stark: I shouldn't be alive, unless it was for a reason. I'm not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it's right.

Pepper Potts: [Pepper picks the lock drive back up.] You're all I have, too, you know. [In Stark's office, Pepper goes on a computer to use the drive.] Sector 16? What are you up to, Obadiah? [She finds a video of Stark held hostage and translates it.]

Video Voice Over: You did not tell us that the target you paid us to kill was the great Tony Stark. As you can see, Obadiah Stane...

Pepper Potts: Oh, my God.

Video Voice Over: ... your deception and lies will cost you dearly. The price to kill Tony Stark has just gone up.

Obadiah Stane: [Walks in on Pepper.] So, what are we going to do about this? I know what you're going through, Pepper. Tony. He always gets the good stuff, doesn't he? I was so happy when he came home. It was like we got him back from the dead. Now I realize, well, Tony never really did come home, did he? He left a part of himself in that cave. Breaks my heart.

Pepper Potts: Well, he's a complicated person. He's been through a lot. I think he'll be all right.

Obadiah Stane: You are a very rare woman. Tony doesn't know how lucky he is.

Pepper Potts: Thank you. Thanks. I'd better get back there. [Pulls the drive out, hiding it under a newspaper.]

Obadiah Stane: Is that today's paper?

Pepper Potts: Yes.

Obadiah Stane: Do you mind?

Pepper Potts: Not at all.

Obadiah Stane: Puzzle.

Pepper Potts: Of course.

Obadiah Stane: Take care. [Goes on the computer and sees that the files have been downloaded.]

Agent Coulson: Ms. Potts? We had an appointment. Did you forget about our appointment?

Pepper Potts: Nope, right now. Come with me.

Agent Coulson: Right now?

Pepper Potts: We're going to have it right now. Yeah, walk with me.

Agent Coulson: Okay.

Pepper Potts: I'm going to give you the meeting of your life. Your office.

William: [On the phone.] Yeah, we've been working our best to do it. Absolutely, we're... I'm going to have to call you back. [Ends the call as Stane walks in] Mr. Stane? Sir, we've explored what you've asked us, and it seems as though there's a little hiccup. Actually...

Obadiah Stane: A hiccup?

William: Yes, to power the suit, sir, the technology actually doesn't exist. So, it's...

Obadiah Stane: Wait, wait, wait. The technology? William, here is the technology. I've asked you to simply make it smaller.

William: Okay, sir, and that's what we're trying to do, but honestly, it's impossible.

Obadiah Stane: Tony Stark was able to build this in a cave! With a box of scraps!

William: Well, I'm sorry. I'm not Tony Stark.

Pepper Potts: [On the phone.] Tony? Tony, are you there? Hello?

Obadiah Stane: [Stuns Stark with the same machine as he did Raza.] Breathe. Easy, easy. You remember this one, right? It's a shame the government didn't approve it. There's so many applications for causing short-term paralysis. Tony. When I ordered the hit on you, I worried that I was killing the golden goose. But, you see, it was just fate that you survived that. [Pulls out the arc reactor from Starks chest.] You had one last golden egg to give. Do you really think that just because you have an idea, it belongs to you? Your father, he helped give us the atomic bomb. Now, what kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you? Oh, it's beautiful. Tony, this is your Ninth Symphony. What a masterpiece. Look at that. This is your legacy. A new generation of weapons with this at its heart. Weapons that will help steer the world back on course, put the balance of power in our hands. The right hands. I wish you could've seen my prototype. It's not as... Well, not as conservative as yours. Too bad you had to involve Pepper in this. I would have preferred that she lived.

James Rhodes: [On the phone.] What do you mean, he paid to have Tony killed? Pepper, slow down. Why would Obadiah... Okay, where's Tony now?

Pepper Potts: [On the phone.] I don't know. He's not answering his phone. Please go over there and make sure everything's okay. Thank you, Rhodey. I know a shortcut.

Tony Stark: [Dummy hands Stark Pepper's gift] Good boy.

James Rhodes: Tony? Tony? Tony? Tony? Tony! Tony! You okay?

Tony Stark: Where's Pepper?

James Rhodes: She's fine. She's with five agents. They're about to arrest Obadiah.

Tony Stark: That's not going to be enough.

Pepper Potts: Section 16. Section 16. There it is. My key's not working. It's not opening the door. Oh, wow! What's that? It's, like, a little device. It's, like, a thing that's going to pick the lock?

Agent Coulson: You might want to take a few steps back.

James Rhodes: That's the coolest thing I've ever seen.

Tony Stark: Not bad, huh? Let's do it.

James Rhodes: You need me to do anything else?

Tony Stark: Keep the skies clear.

James Rhodes: Damn! Next time, baby.

Agent Coulson: Looks like you were right. He was building a suit.

Pepper Potts: I thought it'd be bigger.

Tony Stark: How do you think the Mark One chest piece is going to hold up?

JARVIS: The suit's at 48% power and falling, sir. That chest piece was never designed for sustained flight.

Tony Stark: Keep me posted. Pepper!

Pepper Potts: Tony! Tony, are you okay?

Tony Stark: I'm fine. How are...

Pepper Potts: Obadiah, he's gone insane!

Tony Stark: I know. Listen, you'd better get out of there.

Pepper Potts: He built a suit.

Tony Stark: Get out of there right now!

Obadiah Stane: Where do you think you're going? Your services are no longer required.

Tony Stark: Stane!

Obadiah Stane: I love this suit!

Tony Stark: Put them down!

Obadiah Stane: Collateral damage, Tony.

Tony Stark: Divert power to chest RT.

Jarvis: Power reduced to 19%.

Tony Stark: Lady! No, no, no, no, no, no!

Obadiah Stane: For 30 years, I've been holding you up! I built this company from nothing! Nothing is going to stand in my way. Least of all... you! Impressive. You've upgraded your armor! I've made some upgrades of my own!

JARVIS: Sir, it appears that his suit can fly.

Tony Stark: Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude.

JARVIS: With only 15% power, the odds of reaching that--

Tony Stark: I know the math! Do it!

Soldier 1: Sir, you're not going to believe this. That thing is back.

Soldier 2: Get me Major Allen. Scramble the jets!

James Rhodes: Not necessary, people. Just a training exercise.

Soldier 1: Yes, sir.

JARVIS: Thirteen percent power, sir.

Tony Stark: Climb!

JARVIS: Eleven percent.

Tony Stark: Keep going!

JARVIS: Seven percent power.

Tony Stark: Just leave it on the screen! Stop telling me!

Obadiah Stane: You had a great idea, Tony, but my suit is more advanced in every way!

Tony Stark: How'd you solve the icing problem?

Obadiah Stane: Icing problem?

Tony Stark: Might want to look into it.

JARVIS: Two percent. We are now running on emergency backup power.

Tony Stark: Woah! Potts!

Pepper Potts: Tony! Oh, my God, are you okay?

Tony Stark: I'm almost out of power. I've got to get out of this thing. I'll be right there.

Obadiah Stane: Nice try!

Tony Stark: Weapons status?

JARVIS: Repulsors offline. Missiles offline.

Tony Stark: Flares!

Obadiah Stane: Very clever, Tony.

Tony Stark: Potts?

Pepper Potts: Tony!

Tony Stark: This isn't working. We're going to have to overload the reactor and blast the roof.

Pepper Potts: Well, how are you going to do that?

Tony Stark: You're going to do it. Go to the central console, open up all the circuits. When I get clear of the roof, I'll let you know. You're going to hit the master bypass button. It's going to fry everything up here.

Pepper Potts: Okay. I'm going in now.

Tony Stark: Make sure you wait till I clear the roof. I'll buy you some time. This looks important! [Pulls out a wire from Obadiah Stane's suit.]

Obadiah Stane: I never had a taste for this sort of thing, but I must admit, I'm deeply enjoying the suit! You finally outdid yourself, Tony! You'd have made your father proud!

Pepper Potts: It's ready, Tony! Get off the roof! Tony!

Obadiah Stane: How ironic, Tony! Trying to rid the world of weapons, you gave it its best one ever!

Tony Stark: Pepper!

Obadiah Stane: And now I'm going to kill you with it! You ripped out my targeting system!

Tony Stark: Time to hit the button!

Pepper Potts: You told me not to!

Obadiah Stane: Hold still, you little prick!

Tony Stark: Just do it!

Pepper Potts: You'll die!

Tony Stark: Push it!

Pepper Potts: Tony!

James Rhodes: [On the TV] You've all received the official statement of what occurred at Stark Industries last night. There have been unconfirmed reports that a robotic prototype malfunctioned and caused damage to the arc reactor. Fortunately, a member of Tony Stark's personal security staff...

Tony Stark: "Iron Man." That's kind of catchy. It's got a nice ring to it. I mean, it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold-titanium alloy, but it's kind of evocative, the imagery, anyway.

Agent Coulson: Here's your alibi.

Tony Stark: Okay?

Agent Coulson: You were on your yacht.

Tony Stark: Yeah.

Agent Coulson: We have port papers that put you in Avalon all night, and sworn statements from 50 of your guests.

Tony Stark: See, I was thinking maybe we should say it was just Pepper and me alone on the island.

Agent Coulson: That's what happened.

Tony Stark: All right.

Agent Coulson: Just read it, word for word.

Tony Stark: There's nothing about Stane here.

Agent Coulson: That's being handled. He's on vacation. Small aircraft have such a poor safety record.

Tony Stark: But what about the whole cover story that it's a bodyguard? He's my... I mean, is that... That's kind of flimsy, don't you think?

Agent Coulson: This isn't my first rodeo, Mr. Stark. Just stick to the official statement, and soon, this will all be behind you. You've got 90 seconds.

Pepper Potts: Agent Coulson? I just wanted to say thank you very much for all of your help.

Agent Coulson: That's what we do. You'll be hearing from us.

Pepper Potts: From the Strategic Homeland...

Agent Coulson: Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.

Pepper Potts: Right. Let's get this show on the road.

Tony Stark: You know, it's actually not that bad. Even I don't think I'm Iron Man.

Pepper Potts: You're not Iron Man.

Tony Stark: Am so.

Pepper Potts: You're not.

Tony Stark: All right, suit yourself. You know, if I were Iron Man, I'd have this girlfriend who knew my true identity. She'd be a wreck, 'cause she'd always be worrying that I was going to die, yet so proud of the man I'd become. She'd be wildly conflicted, which would only make her more crazy about me. Tell me you never think about that night.

Pepper Potts: What night?

Tony Stark: You know.

Pepper Potts: Are you talking about the night that we danced and went up on the roof, and then you went downstairs to get me a drink, and you left me there, by myself? Is that the night you're talking about? Thought so. Will that be all, Mr. Stark?

Tony Stark: Yes, that will be all, Miss Potts.

James Rhodes: And now, Mr. Stark has prepared a statement. He will not be taking any questions.

Tony Stark: Thank you. Been a while since I was in front of you. I figure I'll stick to the cards this time. There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop...

Christine Everhart: I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared, despite the fact that you...

Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero.

Christine Everhart: I never said you were a superhero.

Tony Stark: Didn't? Well, good, because that would be outlandish and fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public.

James Rhodes: Just stick to the cards, man.

Tony Stark: Yeah, okay. Yeah. The truth is... I am Iron Man.

[After end-credits. Tony reaches home]

Tony Stark: Jarvis!

JARVIS: [distorted] Welcome home, Sir. [Jarvis cuts out]

Nick Fury: "I am Iron Man." You think you're the only superhero in the world? Mr. Stark, you've become part of a bigger universe. You just don't know it yet.

Tony Stark: Who the hell are you?

Nick Fury: [appears in light] Nick Fury, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Tony Stark: [nonchalantly] Ah.

Nick Fury: I'm here to talk to you about the Avengers Initiative.